.github/commit_template.md, before:

## Title of the commit:
	Commit message - <X+1>
	
## Description of the commit:
	An appropriate message that desccribes the changes you performed in this commit.
	
## Important points (don't include these points in your commit message, these are just for your information). 
- **X** : This is just a number present in the title of the latest commit inside main branch. Visit <a href = "https://github.com/ABHAY0O7/GoGit/commits/main">here</a> to check the latest commit with value of "X" 
- **Try to complete the task in minimum possible commits. Unnecessary commits may leads to PR rejection.**
- **If your PR has more than one commit, then each commit's title number ie X should be increase by 1 as compare to previous commit's X**
- **If you are working on a task and in that time period if the upstream got updated then you must sync your PR with the latest upstream commit following the value of "X".
 Ex:- Suppose upstream is at X = 5, and you completed a task with commits X = 6 and 7, but in that time period someone else completed a task and upstream got updated with
 commit X = 6, then you must update your commits to X = 7 and 8.<br>
 PS : This can be done easily by editing the commit message**

Commit message:

Commit message - 42
Again updated commit template.

.github/commit_template.md, after:

## Title of the commit:
	Commit message - <X+1>
	
## Description of the commit:
	An appropriate message that desccribes the changes you performed in this commit.
	
## Important points (don't include these points in your commit message, these are just for your information). 
- **X** : This is just a number present in the title of the latest commit inside main branch.
- Visit <a href = "https://github.com/ABHAY0O7/GoGit/commits/main">here</a> to check the latest commit with value of "X" and also see that most of the commit's done by me follows commit template, so you can also take hint from there. 😄 
- **Try to complete the task in minimum possible commits. Unnecessary commits may leads to PR rejection.**
- **If your PR has more than one commit, then each commit's title number ie X should be increase by 1 as compare to previous commit's X**
- **If you are working on a task and in that time period if the upstream got updated then you must sync your PR with the latest upstream commit following the value of "X".
 Ex:- Suppose upstream is at X = 5, and you completed a task with commits X = 6 and 7, but in that time period someone else completed a task and upstream got updated with
 commit X = 6, then you must update your commits to X = 7 and 8.<br>
 PS : This can be done easily by editing the commit message**
